Hey, people, beauty , welcome in the middle.
another episode of when it all started
and today we will talk about that drawing
an offensive weapon containing a platypus
actually an agent that many know
is internationally known as the
call daughter if it's okay
the story goes that until the year 1993
is a city called team and Russia that
now it is in ruins that she
practically disappeared in the snow in a
humble home and crease your family a
girl named kings funk who is who was
a childhood disorder when what
before he was just a child when his
parents divorced leaving care
of his mother who never paid attention to him
enough to his brother was born daughter
suffers from loss of activity and ferb
brother born with the delay case
mental and others that among other things
speech does not come because it does not
He talks a lot in the design actually was
for him to say things went from bad to
worse the development of small outside
boundless imagination
What does your brother have to do with your brother?
with adventures
well we do not know during the days who
decide if for your mother
things should not be never had
made his absence in this situation
the mother goes to the specialist called
psychiatrist roots of happily and years
of agnostic or who suffered with
severe schizophrenia
the medicine that was prescribed
high potential that as a result of
situation 15 worsened were recommended
psychiatric drugs that have been
destined to love the pulse of those who descend
but which in turn took the effect
side of a growing addiction and a
decreasing that has introduced
experience more and more drugs
heavy who said tired of that
nobody believed her in her story
about his brother decided to write a
journal that made the improvement of his brother
well detailed at age 14 who is this
was an active consumer of steel and
best known iron like this that
produces an increase in their perception of
reality twist in 2007
in your room along with a note
writing on the last page of your
daily
according to medical examiners who
to die of an intentional overdose of
various drugs
the end of 2007 the fall of grieving mother
if you decide to sell the story to disney
which fully demonstrated the interest and
imagine she bought this story
then we know why it exists
a drawing exists this history of the ship
there who said in the transit area in
He was suffering from various problems and
Ferb was not supposed to talk to him either.
this was our story today
Guys, I hope you liked it.
If you like, do not leave your live because
today completes one year of channel and if you
did not like to tell me why and sign up for
channel was also worth personal and even
next
I want well
and what I look like to you
touch might have had the chance to fight heaven is